# Group 10 - Jelly Beans - Meeting Minutes #1

## General Info

**Date/Time:** 4/17/2023 @ 2:30pm <br>
**Purpose:** Kickoff Meeting <br>
**Location:** Tapestry 5th floor <br>
**Recorder:** James Han <br>

## Attendance

- James
- Bill
- Hamza
- Austin
- Mohak
- Matthew
- Joshua
- Kian

## Agenda

| Item           | Description                            |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| TA intro       | • Gagan intro                          | • Adding color<br>• Final design touches<br>• Bring to class<br> |
| Group Contract | • Making first draft.                  |
| Banner         | • Drafting<br> • Team name: Jellybeans |

## Business

| Done?      | Task           | Who?  | Due Date | Submittable? |
| ---------- | -------------- | ----- | -------- | ------------ |
| Unfinished | Group Contract | Group | Friday   | n/a          |
| Unfinished | Team Page      | Group | Friday   | not yet      |
| Unfinished | 8-Ball Project | Group | Tuesday  | not yet      |
| Unfinished | Banner         | Group | Tuesday  | not yet      |
| Unfinished | Signatures     | Group | Tuesday  | not yet      |

## Adjourned @ 3:00pm

## Notes

Finish banner and video<br>
Meet in two days
