
# Group 10 - Jelly Beans - Meeting Minutes # 15
## General Info
**Date/Time:** 06/05/2023 @ 8:00pm <br>
**Purpose:** Final Sprint Planning <br>
**Location:** Zoom <br>
**Recorder:** Dennis <br>

## Attendance

- Yunze
- Kian
- Neil
- Joshua
- Matthew
- Mohak
- Dennis
- Austin
- James

## Agenda
Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda |â€¢ Final Sprint
## Business
| Done? | Task                | Who?   | Due Date | Submittable? |
| ----- | ------------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------ |
| No   | Final Submission      | Group  | 6/11       | No           |
| Yes   | Small Fixes | Group  | 6/12       | No           |
| No   | Sprint Review      | Group  | 6/11       | No           |
| Yes   | Retrospective | Group  | TBD       | No           |


## Notes
- To consider this week:
  - Merge everything and move on.
  - Mohak to submit pull requests.
  - Provide group access info for James (reading and writing repository, offline availability).
  - ADR: Merge to one page.
  - Start the website.
  - Resolve conflicts behind the main branch.
  - Mohak was working on CI/CD pipeline.
  - Debug fortune.js for audio caching and accessibility.
  - Debugging audio playback of mp3 offline
			-Matt, Kian, Mohak
  - Matt had to deal with rowdy residents
  - Mohak is hosting the audio elsewhere
  - Low priority stuff, updates on ADR type things
  - Choosing accessible fonts
  - Add a landing page
  - Add a chatbot, maybe another page
  - Use an API/ChatGPT
  - Fix Service Workers
  - JSTracker to log errors
  - Approve Austin's PR
  - Animate jellybeans if possible
  - Add dummy user/password loging database system
  - CI/CD offline/online needs tweaking - Mohak
  -  Add testing after the code freeze 6/12
  -  Meet soon - When to Meet
  
## Adjourned @ 9:00pm
